hey guys what's up Jimmy here with
another video was just announced today
on how there's going to be two different
collector editions for Borderlands 2 now
Borderlands 2 a lot of people are really
looking forward to it's going to be
coming this September and so I'm really
looking forward to this game and these
two collector editions look pretty sweet
the two collector editions are going to
show you right here the first one is the
deluxe vault hunters collector's edition
and then the second one the one below it
is the ultimate loot chest edition let
me now go over with you guys what you
get with the deluxe bolt hunters
collector's edition so the first special
edition is called the deluxe vault
hunters collector's edition and first
off you get a Marcus Kincaid bobblehead
a art book which is called inside the
vault the art design of borderlands 2
you also get a set of collectible
stickers you'll get a map of Pandora and
you'll also get a digital comic download
code so you'll get a comic book
unfortunately it is not a physical copy
and you'll also get some downloadable
content and so the price for this
special edition or this collector's
edition is 100 US dollars or 65 pounds
and it's going to be available for the
xbox 360 the ps3 and the pc so upgraded
from that collectors edition is the
ultimate loot chest edition and this one
is actually also going to be available
for the xbox 360 ps3 and the pc and it
looks pretty unbelievable tell you guys
right now what you get with the ultimate
loot chest edition
so in the ultimate loot chest
limited-edition price for this edition
is going to be one hundred fifty dollars
or a hundred pounds and it's also going
to be available for the xbox 360 the ps3
and the pc the pc is actually going to
be priced at 75 pounds but this contains
everything that you get in the deluxe
vault hunters collector's edition plus
you'll also get a cloth map of Pandora a
numbered certificate of authenticity and
this really just cool looking
collectible scaled replica of the red
loot chests that are found throughout
Pandora and borderlands 2 you also get
that steelbook case I'm a big fan of
steel bookcases and also a creatures of
Pandora wide-format ID chart and a lift
like the graph postcard set so guys with
these two collectors editions they look
pretty impressive I'm really impressed
by them the ultimate loot chest edition
looks pretty sweet now that replica loot
chest some people are speculating
they're not sure what type of material
this chest is going to be made out of
some people are speculating is can be
made out of cardboard some are saying
maybe it's going to be enough plastic
does not confirm yet what this loot
chest is going to be made out of but
once I find that out I'll include a
description in this video now this
collector's edition at least for the ps3
and the xbox 360 is about fifty percent
more the price or an increase of price
from the deluxe vault hunters
collector's edition so it'd be kind of
interesting to see what this vault chest
or this loot chest is made out of the
second thing that I wanted to talk
briefly about is for the ultimate loot
chest addition it has that steelbook
case and it has that basic artwork
artwork for it I'm really interested to
know if there's going to be maybe some
type of slipcover like you know
our stock slipcover that's going to go
over and it's going to if it's going to
have different artwork than just the
borderlands 2 logo with with red
backdrop be really interested to know
and to see that I am a big fan of steel
bookcases but this one kind of looks
basic and it'd be nice if it had some
really sweet art book artwork or
characters that were involved on the
case you're on the slipcover but anyway
guys I definitely want to get you guys
thoughts on these two collectors
editions are you excited for Borderlands
2 and what do you think about these two
collectors editions definitely leave
your comments in the section below and
as always guys thank you so much for
watching and I'll talk you later